"Pro Hero - Shota Aizawa - Quirk: Erasure"
We're going to have a school festival.
"Schooent!"
Schooent!
"*Short for 'super normal school event'"
Each class needs to participate with something.
I see... Song and dance, huh?
If we're talking about music...
Huh? What?
It's super cool to be able
to play so many instruments!
After being told all that...
...to not do it...
...wouldn't be rockin' at all, would it?
Mr. Aizawa!
Could Eri leave the hospital for just one day?
The school festival. Can Eri come, too?
"Next Video"
With the Symbol of Peace,
All Might, at the head of the list,
there are those called heroes from
the days of the vigilantes to the present
who shine in the annals of history.
Then, there's the legendary leader, All For One,
the commander of the
Meta Liberation Army, Destro,
and the peerless thief, Oji Harima--
There are also many called villains by
history who have had their names recorded.
Before the legislative system
of superhuman society became fixed,
when the distinction between
"hero" and "villain" was still vague,
there was chaos.
But in that chaos, there was freedom.
There was a naked freedom
like that of the Anglaise!
Nice to meet you, dear listeners.
Here, I will bring you the grand adventure
of a man of extraordinary talent.
That's right! It is I, Gentle!
Gentle Criminal!
"Villain - La Brava"
Wonderful! That was wonderful, Gentle!
Oh, my Gentle!
La Brava, has the upload finished?
Yes, Gentle! The account was deleted again.
That's why I reuploaded everything,
starting with your debut video!
I was swooning over your morning
coffee substitute debut video.
"Villain - Gentle Criminal"
I expect no less from you, La Brava.
Wonderful work today, as alwa--
That's hot!
Now, shall we go to today's shoot?
After finishing off
this cup elegantly, of course.
It is I, Gentle!
Gentle Criminal!
I upload videos of what are called
criminal actions onto an internet site.
But please do not jump to conclusions.
I am not committing crimes at random.
For example, in the convenience
store robbery the other day--
J-Store is the number one chain in
the nation, with stores across the country.
Their best-selling item,
nearly expired Fluffy Pudding,
"Use by August 25"
was caught up in a
suspected case of mislabeling.
Despite this, the company has feigned ignorance
and the situation seemed to be about
to end without a clear resolution.
You understand now, don't you?
That's right. I punish those
who behave in an ungentlemanly way--
I'm a modern-day "gentleman thief."
"Gentleman Thief"
This is so frustrating, Gentle!
What is, La Brava?
I mean, the J-Store video
isn't getting many views at all!
The public has no taste!
Even though you're so wonderful, Gentle!
If you blame others,
then you won't be able to grow, La Brava.
But, but, but!
You've been a villain in
online videos for six years! But...
Suddenly, this Stain guy steals all
the glory with a video of his life story!
"Hero Killer: Stain"
And he didn't even upload it himself!
Now, when people think of villains,
they only remember the League of Villains!
They're wicked and gloomy! So unpleasant!
You're right, La Brava.
Sometimes extreme and
violent actions fascinate people.
That goes against my way of doing things...
However--
It's true that they have momentum.
All of the videos related to them
have over 10,000 comments,
while the comments on
my videos are things like--
He only works on iffy cases.
Doesn't look like J-Store lost anything.
He just keeps failing. It stresses me out.
The scale's too small.
Show us La Brava!
But I am not discouraged, La Brava!
Why not?
Because my next plan will surpass all of that!
How wonderful! Let me hear it, Gentle.
What's your next plan?
Great works are
constantly questioning the times.
The place where it all began,
the place that made them the talk of the town...
That is where I will go next.
"Prepping for the School Festival Is the Funnest Part"
"Mashirao Ojiro - Quirk: Tail"
The work study students
have extra classes, right?
"Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All"
"Eijiro Kirishima - Quirk: Hardening"
Yeah!
Sorry.
You don't have to apologize.
We'll work on the school festival stuff here.
"Denki Kaminari - Quirk: Electrification"
"Kyoka Jiro - Quirk: Earphone Jack"
"Mezo Shoji - Quirk: Dupli-Arms" "Mina Ashido - Quirk: Acid"
The dance choreography and costumes...
There's a lot to decide!
What do you think people will like?
We should do what's popular. Right, Jiro?
Hm...
"Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion"
Hey, did you hear?
Hero course Class 1-A is doing a concert.
For us.
General studies...
For us? What's that supposed to mean?
Aren't they thinking too much of themselves?
Seriously, they're too carefree.
Even though they were attacked by villains,
they went to training camp
nonchalantly and were attacked again...
They even had people injured.
Thanks to that, even we had to go through a lot.
Even though it was all their fault...
They've got some nerve...
The school festival is exactly one month away!
"Tenya Iida - Quirk: Engine"
"Momo Yaoyorozu - Quirk: Creation"
We don't have much time,
so we should decide various things today!
First, we need to decide on a song, huh?
What should we do?
I don't know much about stuff like that,
so I'll go along with what you guys think.
Same here.
Anyway, since it's for everyone,
shouldn't we do a song most people know?
We should do something with a beat!
Something you can dance to!
If I put together everyone's opinions,
then we're looking at a four-on-the-floor
new rave type of club rock song.
For dance music,
we should really be playing EDM,
but you guys want to play instruments, right?
Huh...?
Has anyone ever played bass
or drums or anything?
"silence"
Right.
First, the backbone of a band is the drums,
but I mainly play guitar,
so honestly, I'm still learning drums.
Teaching a beginner and practicing myself
will be a lot to do in just a month.
Oh, didn't you say you were made
to take music classes as a kid?
Huh?
Really? That's surprising!
Bakugo, try playing the drums a little.
"Hanta Sero - Quirk: Tape"
Like I'd do that.
I hear it's pretty hard.
Well?!
P-Perfect...
"Minoru Mineta - Quirk: Pop Off"
Wow...
There he is--Mr. Talented!
Bakugo's gotta be on the drums!
Huh?
I'm not doing anything so stupid.
Bakugo, please!
I mean, if you do it,
it'll definitely turn out good!
There's no way it'll be good!
It's that, right?
Some empty promise to let students
from other courses blow off steam?
For the cause of that stress to do that--
if that's not self-satisfaction, then what is?
There's no way they'd take that
quietly from people they're mad at!
"Toru Hagakure - Quirk: Invisibility"
Hey, you don't have to say it like that!
That's exactly what I'm talking about!
"Shoto Todoroki - Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot"
But...
It's true that we may not
have been considerate enough...
You didn't participate in the discussion,
so don't complain about it now.
Doesn't it make you mad?
It's not like we wanted to be
messed around with by the villains.
Why do we have to think about how they feel?
If you guys are doing this to make
them feel better, then stop right now!
We've gotta hit 'em!
We're not here to make friends,
we're here to fight!
If we're gonna do this, we've gotta be serious--
Let's kill everyone in U.A. with our sound!
Bakugo!
Your reasoning is scary, but you'll do it?
This is serious!
Got it, super serious.
You're not being honest with yourself!
I'm always serious.
I see.
Don't come, Deku!
At the summer training camp,
Bakugo was kidnapped by the villains...
He's been carrying a heavy burden, huh...?
Isn't this great, Jiro?
Yeah.
I'll do my best.
Hey, Gentle, will you tell me now?
What'll we do for the next plan?
In a month, if it's the same as past years,
then there will be a school festival.
The school has already been attacked
and has reinforced their security.
At that school that is
a symbol of heroes today...
By "that school," could you mean...?
If I show that I can sneak in there,
then I'm sure it'll become...
...a big deal.
"Minoru Mineta"
"Quirk: Pop Off"
"He can pull ball-shaped objects from his head that can stick to anything and be used for offense or movement."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 10/8"
"Height: 108 cm" "Blood Type: A" "Likes: Women"
"Fumikage Tokoyami"
"Quirk: Dark Shadow"
"He has a shadow-like monster inside him that can change shape elastically and fight with him."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 10/30"
"Height: 158 cm" "Blood Type: AB" "Likes: Apples"
As part of my education,
I studied the piano from a young age.
Will that be of any help?
Then Yao-momo, you'll be on the keyboards!
We've gotta have a synth for club music.
Yao-momo, it'll be a big help!
I will do my best!
I was gonna have a girls
dance group with all the girls...
...but you'll be cute, so it's fine!
I'll play bass, so we just
need guitars and vocals, then.
So everyone else will be in the dance?
Yeah. But will that be
enough to fire everyone up?
In that video with the dance--
We've gotta put in some effects!
That.
"Koji Koda - Quirk: Anivoice "
Effects?
For example, like this.
See how they use sparks and streamers
and that disco ball to fire everyone up?
Effects are there to set the mood!
Ooh, let's make it like the parades
at the happiest place on earth!
We can do it like that
with everyone participating!
"Rikido Sato - Quirk: Sugar Rush"
We're using the gym for this, right?
Yes, Mr. Aizawa has already
made the arrangements.
Then, what if, what if--
Uraraka makes Todoroki and Kirishima float,
and then Kirishima scrapes
at Todoroki's ice to chip away at it!
Then, Aoyama can be a disco ball...
"Yuga Aoyama - Quirk: Navel Laser"
...and it'll look like light's
twinkling down like stardust!
I call it "Team Snowmen"!
A human shaved-ice machine!
It's like the teaming up
we were talking about before!
I'm a disco ball?
That's not bad!
The gym will look spectacular.
Yes, I think it's a great idea!
In that case, we need people working
behind the scenes for the effects, huh?
Hey.
Sorry we're late.
We've finally made up all our classes.
"Ochaco Uraraka - Quirk: Zero Gravity"
We can help out for real now!
"Tsuyu Asui - Quirk: Frog"
Ribbit!
I see.
We've decided on new rave
type club rock for the music, huh?
I understand Jiro on bass
and Yaoyorozu on keyboards...
But Bakugo on drums is kind of...
how do I put it...?
Unexpected!
You got a problem with that?!
So, who will sing the all-important vocals?
Well, we haven't decided yet...
Huh? You're not going to sing, Jiro?
Huh?!
If it's vocals you want,
I can do it! It'll make me popular!
I can be a disco ball and sing!
Yeah! I can't play any instruments,
but I'm a pretty good singer!
♪ Man of the ship ♪
--♪ You, go get that ♪
--Isn't that a different genre?
He's just yelling, isn't he?
Falsetto?
I'm with Ochaco. I think it should be you, Jiro!
When you were teaching us in your room,
your singing was super cool, too!
--Hey, don't make this harder
by making people expect--
--It's fine, it's fine!
--Hey, don't make this harder
by making people expect--
You're just gonna disregard
the shouts of our souls?
Just how good is she, huh? Huh?
I wanna hear your singing, Jiro!
Sing something for us!
My ears are so happy!
What a husky, sexy voice!
Right? Right?
All right!
It's unanimous, then!
Then, let's leave that aside...
So, we still need guitars!
I want two!
Yay! I wanna do it! It's so cool
to be able to play an instrument!
Let me do it!
I feel like I'd cut the strings.
It's not "I wanna do it"! Are you gonna kill it?
Yeah, yeah, I totally will!
The guitar is the star of the band!
Because of my character design,
my hands won't reach!
I want to dance!
Me, too!
I can move pretty well with my tail.
I want to work on effects with my Tape!
What a heartrending sound!
You can play? Why didn't you say anything?
"Fumikage Tokoyami - Quirk: Dark Shadow"
I quit once at the F chord.
The F chord is where many beginners
have a hard time when learning to play guitar!
Mineta, if you are giving up on the guitar,
then I will strum for you, as well.
Do what you want, damn it.
This is stupid. Stupid.
Let's get this stupid festival over with.
I hope you all break a nail!
Mineta! If I make a harem part
for you in the dance, will you do it?
I will. The school festival
can't come any sooner!
And so, after 1 a.m...
All right! Everyone's roles have been decided!
The band team...
The effects team...
The dance team...
Everyone, we'll be busy starting tomorrow!
Yeah!
"Lounge"
"In use"
I hear Class A's doing something like
a dance hall concert for the school festival?
"Pro Hero - All Might - Quirk: One For All"
It sounds fun.
Yes. It looks like we'll be busy.
That's one of the things
I'm looking forward to, too.
So, what did you want to talk
about at a time like this?
I feel like it's been a while since
we've talked like this, just the two of us.
At the work study...
I was able to force out
20% with my own strength...
It took a toll on my body,
and I could only use it for a short time,
but even then, I couldn't win.
Far from it. If Eri hadn't been there,
I wouldn't have been able to move,
and I would've been defeated.
I couldn't do anything in response
to the long-distance attacks.
I tried thinking about it,
but I don't know how
I should fight in my current state,
unable to use 100% of my strength.
You're at a dead end, huh?
Yes.
There's only one thing I can say...
You should also make long-distance attacks.
I wish I could draw out the power
to change the weather like you, All Might...!
I've also been looking back
and thinking about various things.
For your sake.
Let's go outside.
"School Grounds Forested Area"
I'll wait for you,
so go change into your gym clothes.
You want me to use 20% here?
Yeah! Let's Full Cowling!
But...
...like I was saying earlier,
when I'm at 20%, my body starts to creak
and I end up not being able to move...
That's why I'm working hard
to build strength right now...
Forget that! Just go into Full Cowling!
Y-Yes, sir!
One For All, Full Cowling... 20%!
Send out one attack after
another in that state in that spot.
Th-The wind pressure...
I was going to teach you this once
you passed an allowable limit of 15%.
If you didn't figure
this out in that last fight,
either you must have been
fighting a very defensive match,
or you can already send out the
pressured winds without breaking your body!
But... either way, my body...
Let's take a look at the stages
your body has gone through.
"1. 100% on one body part"
One, use One For All at 100%
on one part of your body.
"2. Control % on one body part"
Two, control the percentage
you use on one part of your body.
"3. Control % on whole body"
Three, control the percentage you
use on your whole body continuously.
"4. Shoot Style"
Four, use Shoot Style, which uses
your legs rather than your weaker arms.
"5. Raise control to 8%"
Five, raise your control from 5% to 8%.
Six, currently, if you force yourself,
you can draw out up to 20% for a short time.
And now, the essence of today's lesson--
Actually, I...
...am not continuously
putting out 100% of your power...
Right?
If All Might was always
at 100% for his every move,
then he would leave shock waves
and disaster around him.
That's it, right? It must be!
Since I can't hold 20% for very long...
...just at the moment of impact,
I take number two, controlling
the percentage on one body part
and number six, drawing out
20% for a short time by forcing it...
"2. Control % on one body part"
"6. Forced 20% can be drawn out for a short time"
...and put them together!
It's easy to say, but you need to draw out
power right at your limit in an instant.
You'll need even more delicate
control than you've had until now.
And now, I have a question
for you, Young Midoriya--
What part of the human body
can you move with the most precision?
That's right.
You should practice control with those fingers.
One For All, Full Cowling, change to 8%...
And then, just for the instant of impact...
...change to 20%!
You won't be able to get
the hang of it right away.
Thank you, All Might...
I can see my path now...!
Once I master controlling my power...
I can go beyond, to the next stage...!
Okay, we're here!
It's okay! Everyone's nice here!
Welcome to U.A. High School!
Gentle Video.
Dear listeners, what kind
of tea do you drink at what times?
Before and after a job,
I always choose the brand
based on the size of the job.
And this one is called Royal Flush.
Do you know what that means?
That you're cool because
you have discriminating taste?
In the next video I put out,
an alarm will sound, not just to
my dear listeners, but to all of society.
Please wait with caution!
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
We're pressed for time as
we get ready for the school festival,
but Eri's here to visit us!
But Gentle Criminal is making steady
progress on the preparations for his plan.
When Gentle finishes drinking
the legendary tea, a crisis will arise.
The name of that tea is...
Next time, "Golden Tips Imperial."
He's after U.A., and the school.
"Next time: Golden Tips Imperial"
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!